asgn1/README.md, before:

# Ian Hong's Assignment 1
A0217685U  
Collect small embers to light your campfire among cold, dark mountains.

## Unity Version

- 2020.2.1f1

## Packages Required
- Cinemachine 2.6.11
- Terrain Tools 3.0.2-preview.3 (Preview Package, installation instructions below)
- **Test Framework `1.1.19` (The newer version has errors that I don't know how to fix)**
- TextMeshPro 3.0.6
- Timeline 1.4.8
- Unity Collaborate 1.3.9
- Unity UI 1.0.0
- Visual Studio Code Editor 1.2.4

## Install the Terrain Tools Package
1. Open an empty project.
2. Open the Package Manager panel.
3. Click on the settings icon(gear) at the top right corner near the window's searchbar.  
![Package Manager](./pictures/1.png)
4. Select `Advanced Project Settings`, which opens a new window
5. Tick the checkbox under `Package Manager section > Advanced Settings box > Enable Preview Packages`.  
![Package Manager](./pictures/2.png)
7. Go back to the Package Manager panel, and in the top left, change the drop-down menu to `Packages: Unity Registry`. 
8. Scroll down to find `Terrain Tools` and install, along with the other packages listed above.  
![Package Manager](./pictures/3.png)
10. You can now open the assignment project.

## Playing Instructions
1. Use `WASD` to move the character, and control the camera with the mouse. Press `Shift` to move faster. You start at the center of the map, at the campfire.
2. The character does not align with the camera angle but the controls are. Forward means forward from the camera, not global forward.
3. There are `6` fires placed around the map. Bring them to your campfire to make it grow bigger. You can only hold one at a time.
4. Each fire is visible from the location of each other fire. Just follow the paths on the ground to get to them.

## Assets Used
- Bridge and planks from [Shed, Tools, Bridge and Fences][1] by Quite Vibrant
- Skybox from [Stellar Sky][2] by Satsuru
- Terrain Brushes from [Terrain Sample Asset Pack][3] by Unity Technologies
- Grass, Trees and Ground Textures from [Standard Assets (for Unity 2018.4)][4] by Unity Technologies
- More Ground Textures from [Outdoor Ground Textures][5] by A dog's life software
- Flowers from [Grass and Flowers Pack 1][6] by Vladislav Pochezhertsev

## Original Assets
- Avatar was designed in [VRoid Studio][7]
- Fire was original

[1]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/shed-tools-bridge-and-fences-104216
[2]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/sky/stellar-sky-99558
[3]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/landscapes/terrain-sample-asset-pack-145808
[4]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/essentials/asset-packs/standard-assets-for-unity-2018-4-32351
[5]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/floors/outdoor-ground-textures-12555
[6]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/nature/grass-and-flowers-pack-1-17100
[7]: https://vroid.com/en/studio

Commit message:

Fix UI problem and skin loading problem

asgn1/README.md, after:

# Ian Hong's Assignment 1
A0217685U  
Collect small embers to light your campfire among cold, dark mountains.

## Unity Version

- 2020.2.1f1

## Packages Required
- Cinemachine 2.6.11
- Terrain Tools 3.0.2-preview.3 (Preview Package, installation instructions below)
- **Test Framework `1.1.19` (The newer version has errors that I don't know how to fix)**
- TextMeshPro 3.0.6
- Timeline 1.4.8
- Unity Collaborate 1.3.9
- Unity UI 1.0.0
- Visual Studio Code Editor 1.2.4

## Install the Terrain Tools Package
1. Open an empty project.
2. Open the Package Manager panel.
3. Click on the settings icon(gear) at the top right corner near the window's searchbar.  
![Package Manager](./pictures/1.png)
4. Select `Advanced Project Settings`, which opens a new window
5. Tick the checkbox under `Package Manager section > Advanced Settings box > Enable Preview Packages`.  
![Package Manager](./pictures/2.png)
7. Go back to the Package Manager panel, and in the top left, change the drop-down menu to `Packages: Unity Registry`. 
8. Scroll down to find `Terrain Tools` and install, along with the other packages listed above.  
![Package Manager](./pictures/3.png)
10. You can now open the assignment project by double clicking its scene.
11. If there is a GUI problem, create a new project in unity and open it before opening this project.

## Playing Instructions
1. Use `WASD` to move the character, and control the camera with the mouse. Press `Shift` to move faster. You start at the center of the map, at the campfire.
2. The character does not align with the camera angle but the controls are. Forward means forward from the camera, not global forward.
3. There are `6` fires placed around the map. Bring them to your campfire to make it grow bigger. You can only hold one at a time.
4. Each fire is visible from the location of each other fire. Just follow the paths on the ground to get to them.

## Assets Used
- Bridge and planks from [Shed, Tools, Bridge and Fences][1] by Quite Vibrant
- Skybox from [Stellar Sky][2] by Satsuru
- Terrain Brushes from [Terrain Sample Asset Pack][3] by Unity Technologies
- Grass, Trees and Ground Textures from [Standard Assets (for Unity 2018.4)][4] by Unity Technologies
- More Ground Textures from [Outdoor Ground Textures][5] by A dog's life software
- Flowers from [Grass and Flowers Pack 1][6] by Vladislav Pochezhertsev

## Original Assets
- Avatar was designed in [VRoid Studio][7]
- Fire was original

[1]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/shed-tools-bridge-and-fences-104216
[2]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/sky/stellar-sky-99558
[3]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/landscapes/terrain-sample-asset-pack-145808
[4]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/essentials/asset-packs/standard-assets-for-unity-2018-4-32351
[5]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/floors/outdoor-ground-textures-12555
[6]: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/nature/grass-and-flowers-pack-1-17100
[7]: https://vroid.com/en/studio
